Wireguard backend (#4038)
rancher/docs: content/k3s/latest/en/installation/network-options/_index.md

The default backend for flannel is VXLAN. To enable encryption, pass the IPSec (Internet Protocol Security) or WireGuard options below.

If you wish to use WireGuard as your flannel backend it may require additional kernel modules. Please see the [WireGuard Install Guide](https://www.wireguard.com/install/) for details. The WireGuard install steps will ensure the appropriate kernel modules are installed for your operating system. You need to install WireGuard on every node, both server and agents before attempting to leverage the WireGuard flannel backend option.

> The `wireguard` backend will be removed from v1.26 in favour of `wireguard-native` backend natively from flannel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `wireguard` backend will be removed from v1.26 in favor of `wireguard-native` backend natively from flannel.
```

Reviewer: Style choice on this!

> We recommend users to migrate to the new backend as soon as possible. The migration requires a short period of down-time while nodes come up with the new configuration. You should follow the following two steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend that users migrate to the new backend as soon as possible. The migration requires a short period of downtime while nodes come up with the new configuration. You should follow these two steps:
```

> 1 - Update the k3s config in all control-plane nodes. The config file `/etc/rancher/k3s/config.yaml` should include `flannel-backend: wireguard-native` instead of `flannel-backend: wireguard`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1 - Update the K3s config in all control-plane nodes. The config file `/etc/rancher/k3s/config.yaml` should include `flannel-backend: wireguard-native` instead of `flannel-backend: wireguard`
```

2 - Reboot all nodes

  CLI Flag and Value | Description
  -------------------|------------
 <span style="white-space: nowrap">`--flannel-backend=vxlan`</span> | (Default) Uses the VXLAN backend. |
 <span style="white-space: nowrap">`--flannel-backend=ipsec`</span> | Uses the IPSEC backend which encrypts network traffic. |
 <span style="white-space: nowrap">`--flannel-backend=host-gw`</span> |  Uses the host-gw backend. |

>  <span style="white-space: nowrap">`--flannel-backend=wireguard`</span> | Uses the WireGuard backend which encrypts network traffic. May require additional kernel modules and configuration. [Deprecated will be removed from version 1.26]|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 <span style="white-space: nowrap">`--flannel-backend=wireguard`</span> | Uses the WireGuard backend which encrypts network traffic. May require additional kernel modules and configuration. (Deprecated and will be removed from version 1.26)|
```

Dual-stack is supported on k3s v1.21 or above.

> To enable dual-stack in k3s, you must provide valid dual-stack `cluster-cidr` and `service-cidr`, and set `disable-network-policy` on all server nodes. Both servers and agents must provide valid dual-stack `node-ip` settings. Node address auto-detection and network policy enforcement are not supported on dual-stack clusters when using the default flannel CNI. Besides, only vxlan and wireguard-native backends are supported at the moment. This is an example of a valid configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable dual-stack in K3s, you must provide valid dual-stack `cluster-cidr` and `service-cidr`, and set `disable-network-policy` on all server nodes. Both servers and agents must provide valid dual-stack `node-ip` settings. Node address auto-detection and network policy enforcement are not supported on dual-stack clusters when using the default flannel CNI. Additionally, only vxlan and wireguard-native backends are supported currently. This is an example of a valid configuration:
```
